Peppa and her family are
going for a drive to the mountains.
Are we nearly there yet?
Not yet, Peppa.
Oh…
let’s play a game.
We each have to
spot a car of our favorite color.
My favorite color is green.
Mine is orange.
Mine is red. George,
what’s your favorite color?
Blue.
George’s favorite color is blue.
Let’s see which color car comes along first.
Ok!
Here is Candy Cat in her green car.
Ho, ho, ho…green!
That’s my favorite color. I win!
Hello, Candy!
Meow! Hello, Peppa!
Here is Danny Dog in
Granddad Dog’s breakdown truck.
Orange, so I win!
Hello, Danny!
Woof, woof, hello, Peppa!
Ho, ho, ho. Here is another car.
It’s Suzy. Hello, Suzy!
Baa, baa. Hello, Peppa.
Blue!
Yes, George. It’s a blue car, so you win!
Ho, ho, ho.
Oh, this is a silly game.
There isn’t any red car anyway?
There is one red car, Peppa.
Where?
Ho, ho, ho…What color is our car?
Ah, it’s red. I win! I win!
Ho, ho, ho…
The family have arrived at the mountains.
We’ll have a fantastic
view when we get to the top.
We are here.
Great!
Look at the lovely Sunny view!
Oh, dear. It is started to rain.
Where is the lovely view?
Ah, there is the lovely view.
It’s Miss Rabbit’s ice cream store.
Hello, Miss Rabbit!
Hello, Daddy Pig!
Four ice creams, please!
What flavors would you like?
Mint, orange,
strawberry and blueberry, please.
OK!
Look what I’ve got!
Icecream!
There are favorite colors.
That’s right. Green for me!
Orange for me!
Strawberry red for me!
And George’s is…
Blue!
Ho, ho, ho…yummy
Look, the sun has come out!
And look what else has come out?
A rainbow!
Peppa and George love rainbows!
A rainbow only comes out when
it’s rainy and sunny at the same time!
Wow…
It’s got all our favorite colors in it.
Yes. Red, and orange, and green, and blue.
And do you know what you
find in the end of the rainbow?
No!
You find treasure.
Oh, can we go to find the treasure now?
OK! The end of the rainbow
looks like just on the next hill.
Let’s go. Wee.
It’s a rainy sunny day,
the rainbow is here to play.
Rainbow, rainbow, red and orange
and yellow and green and purple and blue.
Rainbow, rainbow.
It’s a rainy sunny day!
Here we are!
Oh, where are the rainbow gone?
It’s moved to the next hill.
You tricky rainbow.
Quick! Let’s catch it.
Rainbow, rainbow, it’s a rainy sunny day!
It’s stopped raining!
And the rainbow is gone!
Waa…
Don’t worry, George. Maybe the
rainbow has left some treasure behind.
There is something over here.
Have you found the rainbow’s treasure?
Yes. I have.
A big muddy puddle!
Great!
This is the best rainbow treasure ever.
Ha, ha, ha…